When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    +remote repository can be used to share your work and encourage collaboration.
    +it also allows one to work from different computers.
    +it helps to back up ones project outside of local hard drives.

  Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
  automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    +to control flow of information to local repository.
    +gives one an opportunity to review the pulls at their pace.
    +if it's automatic, then one could potentially get overwhelmed with overflow of info.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    +forks: replicating someone else's GitHub repository on GitHub's servers and thus,
    the owner of that repository gets credit for the original work on which others
    who forked it can build upon it. After forking, one has the option of cloning
    it to their local computers; forking is only used within the context of GitHub. In
    other words, it's cloning a repository from GitHub onto Github; and that's forking.

    +clones: replicating a repository to one's local computer without forking it; one
    can clone repositories from GitHub or locally between repositories; in other words,
    cloning is taking an existing repository and making one just like it. The original
    repository can be remote (i.e. on GitHub) which is cloned locally or it can exist on
    one spot on your local computer which you clone to another spot on your local computer.

    +branches: it allows one to create an offshoot copy of the master (or main or secondary)
    branch to experiment with new ideas or features that can later be merged or discarded;
    they happen on a single repository, that is, you create one on a single repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    +it'll allow you to work off-line, especially if you're anticipating no on-line access.
    +it's a great way to update your local copy of the remote branch before you go off-line
    and this will give you access to any updates that have been made to the remote since you
    last synced up.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    +Without Git and GitHub:
        +I've done it before and it was painful. These are the tools I used:
            ++Google Drive: to house changes that I gave access to a team of developers.
            ++Pencil Project: an open-source software to drawn illustrations of mistakes and save versions.
            ++Email, WhatsApp, Skype, Join.Me: to communicate changes, which included screen sharing.
            ++Xampp: local server to install frameworks to test and review code
            ++Slack: didn't use it at the time, but it would be a great substitute to communicate code
            change requests.

    +With Git and GitHub:
        +this makes it much easier in every aspect and it's a must, in my opinion, for almost every
        project, especially with teams of two or more.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits
does each approach have?

    +making changes in a separate branch to experiment, to try new ideas, and particularly, to share and
    collaborate via Github pull requests.
    +it also helps to safeguard main project code on master branch from costly mistakes.
    +using a separate branch is also a great way to collaborate and seek input from others on the team.
    +if there are minor, single unit changes with relatively low chance of disastrous outcome, then I
    suppose committing changes directly on the master branch should be fine. One benefit is fewer steps
    with direct access to changes for anyone involved in the project.
