+ connection types: "type-of", "part-of", or "operates-on"

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    + Very easy to spot it and relatively much faster.
    + On my configured system, it highlights in 'red' what was deleted in one versions
    and in 'green' what was added in another version

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    + It'll make it easier to track changes; undo changes, experiment with ideas,
      share my work, collaborate, and build projects more efficiently.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    + pros: local hard drives, not as often and as many versions (I choose)
    + cons: time consuming, not as easy to swamp changes, harder to share with others
    and collaborate; not online.

    + also, with Git, I get to think about my work in bunch of steps
    + allows me to see my work in a relatively structured and organized way
    + fix all of my mistakes backwards and forwards

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    + single-unit of idea so easier to find and make specific changes

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    + git log: full history of commits with meta data
    + git diff: differences info in various versions of files and branches

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    + I'll feel more comfy breaking more things so I can learn more without fear
    and I'm trying to be more fearless
    + opportunity to re-think my entire code base or part of it with freedom to
    try new things
    + explore significant changes with in code base and deep concepts
    + be a better explorer and a better programmer

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    + git commands
    + for various projects
